Remove fuzzy and intial VV and VH files (#172)
ASFHyP3/asf-tools: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/) 
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.5.1]

### Changed

> * Fuzzy and intial VV and VH tifs are no longer output in `water_map`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fuzzy and intial VV and VH tifs are no longer included in `water_map` products. (Restores the changes from [hyp3-gamma 5.4.5](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma/blob/develop/CHANGELOG.md#545).)
```
